Rephrase preamble to ABC focus (#10)
ABC-Center/ABC-guide: docs/wiki-guide/Digital-Product-Lifecycle.md

# Digital Product Life Cycle

> The ABC Global Center is committed to FAIR and Reproducible data, software, ML models, and computational workflows, though we have not yet formally adopted the [Digital Products Release and Licensing Policy](Digital-products-release-licensing-policy.md). To achieve full and consistent adherence to this policy, promote integration of requisite best practices into the research project lifecycle, and to ensure the limited data science support resources of the Center for assistance are utilized efficiently, the Digital Product Life Cycle aims to establish a life cycle framework with designated, regular, interspersed points at which research project teams are expected to engage with the Center’s data science support team about digital artifacts and practices supporting adherence to our digital product commitments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ABC Global Center is committed to FAIR and reproducible data, software, ML models, and computational workflows. As of the time of writing, the Center has not formally adopted the Digital Products Release and Licensing Policy](Digital-products-release-licensing-policy.md), but project teams are encouraged to follow its guidance. To achieve full and consistent adherence to this policy, promote integration of requisite best practices into the research project lifecycle, and ensure the limited data science support resources of the Center are used efficiently, the Digital Product Life Cycle aims to establish a life cycle framework with designated, regular, interspersed points at which research project teams are expected to engage with the Center's data science support team about digital artifacts and practices supporting adherence to our digital product commitments.
```

Author: Thanks @gwtaylor! That is definitely an improvement.
